Add `ssl_verify` option to OPA plugin (#3977)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/opa/_index.md

      default: false
      description: |
        If set to true, the Kong Gateway Consumer object in use for the current request (if any) is included as input to OPA.
    - name: https_verify
      required: true
      datatype: boolean
      default: true
      description: |

>         Whether the OPA certificate will be verified according to the CA certificates specified in [lua_ssl_trusted_certificate](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       If set to true, the OPA certificate will be verified according to the CA certificates specified in [lua_ssl_trusted_certificate](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/configuration).
```
